-Go through pileup
-Create files named [seq]_totalaligned_and_matches.tsv
 for each of the three sequences (contig_1371, etc)
-For each position, get the total number of aligned reads to this position MINUS
 the number of indels.

 I am unsure if indels are "reflected" in later positions in the pileup. It
 does not look like it -- see, e.g. line 301 in the pileup, at position 301 for
 contig_1371. There is an insertion of +4CATG, but the next position (with
 reference T) does not have any mention of a C (or an A, for that matter). To
 me this implies that indels can be ignored by simply just uh ignoring the
 "+4CATG" or "-2GG" or whatever in each line and just looking at numbers
 of matches. So, effectively, what we were doing before, since the number of
 total aligned reads seems to not be influenced by indels...?

 This format is very confusing.

 If indels WOULD impact future positions' values in the pileup file, we'd need
 to maintain a list of, uhh, "things to change" for future positions. So that
 if there's e.g. +4CATG then for the next position we'd remove 1 "C", then for
 the position after we'd remove 1 "A", etc. (taking care to check if these
 are the reference or not for this position)...?

 But I do not think this is necessary, at least for this first pass. For the
 paper be VERY EXPLICIT about what you are doing.

 For reference, see https://stackoverflow.com/a/40231190, which seems to
 corroborate that we can just ignore indel declarations and leave it at that.

 May be doable by looking at strip.split [3]
 and subtracting the number of things in strip.split [4] (read bases)...



    Actually, the whole way indels are structured in pileup files is insanely
    complicated, with a lot of apparent ambiguity. For example, how would a
     scenario where the very first position of a sequence is an insertion or
     deletion be encoded in pileup format?

    I worry that if I were to try to set up code to parse the pileup file while
    ignoring indels I would mess something up, and because this is like a
    multi-GB file I feel it would be difficult to notice this error.

    It would be best to just ... not have indels here in the first place. But
     samtools only supports that when outputting to a BCF file?
